Add more binary sensors to Tessie (#30455)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tessie.markdown

- Third Row Left (if installed)
- Third Row Right (if installed)

### Device Tracker

> The integration will create device tracker entities for the vehicles current location, and navigation destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will create device tracker entities for the vehicle's location and navigation destination.
```

### Select

> The integration will create a select entity to control each of the seat heaters. It allows you to set each seat heater to Off, Low, Medium, or High.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration will create a select entity to control each seat heater. It allows you to set each seat heater to Off, Low, Medium, or High.
```
